[sultry jazz playing]
On to business.
About that matter which needs tidying up.
Don't you worry about that.
It's taken care of.
[woman giggles]
Already? And with no loose ends?
You never fail to surprise me.
What? Is the dish not to your liking?
No. It's not the food
I have a problem with.
[woman] Oh?
Well, something's spoiling your dinner,
and I know it's not my company.
[Furuya] I apologize.
It's simply that,
no matter how great the meal,
I have a hard time
mixing business with pleasure.
Chalk it up to being a weakness of mine.
[waiter] Monsieur, Madame? Dessert.
And some Cointreau
for the perfect finishing touch.
Flambé. A cooking technique
where liquor is ignited,
changing both the dish's flavor
and its aroma.
Everything else is burned off,
stripping away all but the subtlest hint
that it was ever there to begin with.
That's so cynical.
It sounds like you're talking about us.
[sizzling]
What's wrong?
You're looking somber.
I bet you were thinking
about our next job.
Oh? That's what it looked like to you?
I can't say I'm even
slightly worried about it,
because for a man of your skill,
it'll be a piece of cake.
[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY A SLICE OF
TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
Yeah, Ms. Kisaki just won another case,
making her win streak even longer.
-Oh, wow!
-[both] Congratulations, Midori.
[laughs] Thank you, thank you.
Anyways, Ms. Kisaki
and some of her lawyer friends
are putting together a party to celebrate.
So, I was wondering if you'd be able
to provide some catering for it.
You mean, like hors d'oeuvres?
-Uh…
-Huh?
We would love to.
That's awesome!
Your ham sandwiches are pretty popular
with the legal crowd.
They're even calling them lucky,
but it's not luck or ham sandwiches
that wins cases.
We "pork" hard for the money.
[both chuckle]
-[phone buzzing]
-Oh?
Sorry, just a sec.
-Huh?
-[Midori] The party's this Saturday.
It starts at 4 p.m.
Hey, Azusa, I'm really sorry about this,
but something just came up.
Can I leave early today?
Pretty please?
Again? Really? Humph.
Why are you always so busy, anyway?
Well, I guess.
It is slow today.
Go ahead, no problem.
-[door rattles]
-Huh?
Amuro bolted.
He must have been in a hurry.
[sighs]
-[intense music playing]
-[biker panting]
Stop right there, there's no escape!
[biker roars]
[blade clangs]
[Kazami gasping]
[head clangs] Ow! Wait!
-Oh!
-[biker chuckles]
Hyah!
Huh?
You got past Kazami, huh?
Seriously.
I'll have a word with him later.
[biker] Bastard!
[biker straining]
[whimpering]
I'm not stupid enough to punch
a helmeted face with my bare fist.
-[thuds]
-[biker groans]
That was a feint.
[biker groans]
Furuya, watch out!
[Furuya] What's going on with you, Kazami?
You've been really off your game, lately.
I'm sorry.
[Furuya] You've got bags under your eyes,
just like Akai.
[Kazami gasps]
Looks to me like you're not sleeping.
[Kazami] Uh, uh… you're wrong.
[Furuya] Don't lie to me.
[Kazami] You're right.
It's just, I was so behind
on my reports and…
[stomach growls]
-Ooh, uh…
-[Furuya sighs]
And you've been skipping
meals again, haven't you?
I thought I told you to eat.
Well, I had some chocolate this morning.
Chocolate isn't a meal, and you know it.
Crooks aren't gonna slow down
because you missed breakfast.
Maintaining our health and being
ready to face whatever comes our way,
that's the least expected of us, got that?
Yes, sir, I'm sorry.
You've left me no choice.
We'll have to make a stop on the way back.
Huh? Where are we going?
[Furuya] I know this great restaurant.
[Kazami] Oh. Wait, I'll drive.
Do you know the address?
Not exactly.
I can get us there, but it's kind of far.
Okay, then how about
just giving me directions?
Stop being difficult.
Come on, just get in the car.
[Furuya] Fine, but I'm driving.
Can't have you falling asleep
at the wheel.
You could kill us both.
[Kazami] You expect me to let you
chauffeur me around? No way.
Oh! Stop! Or hurry up.
Will you calm down already?
Now, stop squirming
and try to enjoy the ride.
[Kazami] I'm not sleepy…
I'm not sleepy…
I'm not sleepy, I'm not sleepy,
I'm not sleepy, I'm not slee…
[muttering]
[Kazami snoring]
[Furuya] You've sure got a lot of nerve
falling asleep next to your boss.
That takes guts.
Then again, I guess being
well rested is part of the job.
[sighing]
[Furuya] We all screw up now and then.
The important thing is to learn from it
and do better next time.
Do you know what, I don't think
I've ever seen you make a mistake.
[Furuya] Of course I have.
For example, like that time, uh…
[Kazami, groaning] Forget it.
Mmm, mmm…
Oh, oh…
[tranquil music playing]
JAPANESE SAKE
Oh. Okay.
Let's give it a shot.
I'll use Japanese ingredients
and Japanese sake to make…
a flambé.
[chuckles]
Please let this be good.
Mm.
[gulping]
[sighs]
Who would have thought that a flambé
done with sake would be so good?
Except…
I think I made way too much.
[sighs]
Kazami can have the rest.
YUMMY CORN SOUP
-[Furuya] That's your breakfast?
-Hmm?
Huh? Furuya.
Here, have some real food to eat.
Oh. Thank you so much.
Huh? Where did he…?
Uh… not again!
-Hmm?
-[package rattles]
[Furuya panting]
496…
497…
498…
499…
500!
[feet land on platform]
[thunder rumbling]
[straining]
[Furuya] Why did you leave him to die?
How could a man as great as you…
[gun fires]
Why?
[dog whimpers]
Looks like you're as alone as I am.
[whimpers]
Stay here, all right? Or you'll get wet.
Kazami, has anyone reported
losing their dog near the Teimuzu River?
Yeah. A white puppy.
That's right.
Can you take it in for me?
Thanks.
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪